[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So, as you see,
I've already had like a dozen syntax
errors through sort of this workshop.
So it's really nice to have a tool
that tells you hey you're screwing
your crap up.
Let's fix your crap.
I'm a big fan of Yes Clinton in
general but there's also JS hint.
There's JS Lint JSCS, right?
JavaScript style checker?
Yeah, Check style, JavaScript Check Style.
We're going to use one called Standard,
which
it aims to be the standard formatter for
JavaScript with mild success.
Because a lot people don't
like the no semicolons rule.
But it kind of aims to be like,
does anyone write Go in here?
It aims to be like Go format.
The nice thing about the Go community
is everything is exactly one style.
They have a tool built in to Go that just
makes everyone's code looks the same way.
There's no discussion about it ever,
which is really nice,
because bike shedding's really annoying.
I thought that's what
Standard's trying to be.
I think it's a fun experiment, again.
But it's kind of up to you to
later to see if you wanna use it.
But, let's go ahead and try it.
So, go over to your command line.
And actually, I know it's going to have
at least one error here right now.
So you're going to do.
Well first of all,
let's just add a new branch real quick.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so that the new
branch's out there under fem-3.
Okay, if you haven't already
do npm install -g standard.
That you get to the tool
that we're looking for.
In particular, what I like about standard
is like it's not configurable like
it's just one way and so,
if you don't like it,
then don't use standard right to the point
of standard is that there's zero
discussion about it like
this is the way it is.
And I find that appealing because if
you've ever set up an ES Lint config file,
it just feels like there's ten
billion dials to slightly tweak
a bunch of different ways and this just
like removes that cognitive load from you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then it's really
easy to run, you just type standard.
And it gives you a bunch of errors,
holy crap.
All right, React is not defined.
Okay, we knew that one, and then the other
one which I knew is gonna happen too
is h2, remember we were using h2 for a
little bit, and then we stopped using it?
So, that's a problem as well.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Bless you.
Another bunch of these is like react is.
So, it doesn't like globals that
you don't tell it about, right.
And basically, this is actually the most
useful part of linting tool for
JavaScript period the end
is unused variables.
Because a lot of people do things
like ce equals this, right?
And then we'll do, like,
down here, we'll say, cf, right?
Cuz we accidentally mistyped
instead of ce, right?
And, your linter will catch this for,
hey, you were referring for
something that you didn't create.
You probably have a typo.
>> Brian Holt: All right, so, let's
fix this, the h2 ones is really easy.
Good, I didn't even make it an h2.
Good job, Brian.
Okay, so let's just delete that.
That will solve one of our problems.
And then, sometimes those,
these globals are necessary, right.
For example, it is necessary
because we're referring to React.
So basically what you do is you're
gonna put a comment up here at the top.
And you're just gonna say, global.
And then just list all of your
globals that you intend on having.
So we have React and ReactDOM.
>> Brian Holt: And this is just a little
bit of information for Standard to say,
okay, you expect to have these
globals available to you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Speaker 3: And
you have to have that comments syntax?
It can't be the slash, slash?
>> Brian Holt: Slash, slash?
Yeah.
As far as I know.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
I'm just gonna leave it.
>> Speaker 5: I like how it's like you
don't have a new at the end of the file.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 5: Okay.
All right standard.
We'll put that new line in there.
>> Brian Holt: It insists and
actually I don't talk about editor
config in here, but I can actually,
I'll show you, I'll talk about editor
config in just like two seconds here.
Okay, good?
So let's run standard again.
Yes!
No errors, nailed it.
>> Speaker 5: And
it doesn't even say great.
>> Brian Holt: No.
It's pretty judgmental.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: You're an idiot and
it's like, and then you do it again and
nothing is wrong is like, whatever.
You're sufficient.
[LAUGH] Yeah it should tell you like,
hi five good job or
should use like emojis or
something like that.
Okay, so,
did anyone else get the no new line error?
It's kind of a pain in the butt.
So, there's a tool called EditorConfig,
with the lovely mouse
is the the logo here.
And basically EditorConfig is is it's just
like this file that you put at the root
directory of your project and
then anyone that comes in your
project automatically has their editor set
up to be writing the same style as you.
So, to give you an example, I have
a file here already at your project and
if you look at it, it's going to say
indent size two, indent style spaces.
Insert final newline so you totally
sidestepped that problem altogether true.
What charset you are using,
all that stuff.
So, if you want to use that,
just come over here to EditorConfig and
then you say download a plugin and
they have it for
just about everything which
is really nice, right.
So if you just download that,
it's automatically gonna configure
any time you're in that project.
Doesn't affect your global like settings,
it's just for
whatever you're in that project.
Again for Sublime, you just search for
EditorConfig using Package control,
and you'll find it, and
download it, and it just works.
And a bunch of open source projects
include these editor config files.
So, you don't even have to worry about it.
>> Speaker 5: Cool.
Yeah, like room of the bottom space or the
line and just hit save and it like add it.
>> Brian Holt: That's a red background.
>> Speaker 5: And it's cool.
>> Brian Holt: Super nice.
See I go ahead and
grab that if you don't already have it.
Okay again,
worth mentioning standardist is ESLint,
it's just a preconfigured ESLint.
So eventually, we're going to plug in
at that because we also want to be able
to lint our React and have like,
react specifically linting rules.
And that's mess to be able to do that.
>> Brian Holt: And if you want to see
like all the rules that standard does on
the web page, I have a link to it.
You can also just look at
the standard repo on GitHub and
I'll tell you all about it.
Okay, so
I wanna say at this point if you are so
offended by not using semicolons like one,
why?
But two,
there's a package called semistandard.
>> Brian Holt: Which I thought was
a super clever name by the way like
doesn't anyone.
So it's everything in
standard except it enforces
that you actually must
use semicolons instead.
So, feel free to use that
to your own great shame.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Just kidding.
That's a terrible thing to say.
Okay, so any questions so
far about Standard?
>> Brian Holt: [COUGH] Excuse me.
Something else interesting that they're
working on, or actually have worked on,
is a something called standard format,
which is also kind of an interesting tool,
I don't use it cuz I've had mixed
results with its abilities.
But what it'll do, it'll actually try and
fix your code on the fly too so
like it says like you have an error here.
And I think I know how to fix it so
I'm gonna try and just fix it for you.
I don't even give you
an error I just fix it.
And I get weird indentations
on it sometimes.
I'd generally like not to use it.
But you're welcome to give it a try.
Is not gonna meant to be
like Go format as well.
And what Go format does it
just automatically formats
your code the correct way.